SDC Decomposition Sprint 4 (#1406)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/decomposition/classes-and-objects/index.md

+++
title = "Classes and objects"
time = 30
emoji= "📝"
objectives = [
  "Describe the purpose of a class.",
  "Explain the relationship between a class and instances of that class.",
  "Use classes in mypy.",
]

[build]
  list = "local"
  publishResources = false
  render = "never"
+++

> We've already seen that objects can be useful for grouping together related, named data. e.g. we can write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've already seen that objects can group together related, named data. We can write:
```
